<!-- 794.md --- 
;; 
;; Description: 
;; Author: Hongyi Wu(吴鸿毅)
;; Email: wuhongyi@qq.com 
;; Created: 五 2月 17 16:39:31 2017 (+0800)
;; Last-Updated: 五 2月 17 19:21:07 2017 (+0800)
;;           By: Hongyi Wu(吴鸿毅)
;;     Update #: 3
;; URL: http://wuhongyi.cn -->

# 794 QUAD GATE/DELAY GENERATOR


## FEATURES

- Four Independent Gate/Delay Channels
- Wide Range, 50 nSec to over 10 Seconds
- NIM, TTL Inputs; NIM, TTL, ECL Outputs
- Deadtimeless Operation
- Set/Reset Flip-Flop Mode
- Remote Programming via a 0 Volt to 10 Volt Input
- Easily Configured as an Oscillator or a Pulser
- Provides Bin Gate for Host NIMBIN

A bright LED indicates an active gate condition. Versatile input and output structures provide compatibility with NIM, ECL, and TTL standards.

Further flexibility is afforded by **programming jumpers** mounted on the printed circuit board. These jumpers allow selected inputs and outputs to be assigned alternate logic functions or polarities.

The model 794 time-base circuit is non-updating and exhibits essentially **no deadtime**.
The DELAY output always occurs at the trailing edge of the GATE output and it's output width may be adjusted by a front panel potentiometer.




## INPUT CHARACTERISTICS

- Trigger
	- LEMO style connector;
	- 1 K ohm impedance for positive TTL logic levels;
	- 50 ohm for negative NIM logic;
	- Positive LOGIC 0: less than +0.5 Volt; LOGIC 1: greater than +1.5 Volt.
	- Negative NIM logic levels; LOGIC 0: less than ±1mA, (±50mV), LOGIC 1: --14mA, (--700mVolt).
- OR
	- LEMO style connector; Negative NIM level input, LOGIC 0 = ±50mVolts, LOGIC 1 = --700mVolts.
	- A jumper allows selection of 50 ohm or 1 K ohm input impedance;
	- "OR is shipped as high impedance input OR".
- Inhibit
	- LEMO style connector;
	- Negative NIM input levels; 50 ohm impedance.
	- Forces all outputs to their quiescent state.
- Reset
	- LEMO style connector;
	- Negative NIM input levels; 50 ohms;
	- Enabled only in bistable mode.
- Analog Remote Programming
	- Isolated ground LEMO style connector; High impedance, differentially received; An external analog input allows remote programming from 5% to 105% of selected range with 0 to +10 Volt input.
	- Maximum input voltage: Differential = --6 Volt to +12 Volts. Common Mode = ±6 Volts.
	- Recommended Input Voltage: Differential = 0 to +10.0 Volts. Common Mode = ±0.5 Volt.


Propagation Delay

- TRIGGER to:
	- GATE = 11 nSec max.
	- TTL = 20 nSec max.
	- ECL = 11nSec max.
- RESET to:
	- GATE = 11nSec max.
	- TTL = 20nSec max.
	- ECL = 11nSec max.
- OR to:
	- GATE = 8nSec max.
	- TTL = 15nSec max.
	- ECL = 8nSec max.
- INHIBIT to:
	- GATE = 6nSec max.
	- TTL = 15nSec max.
	- ECL = 8nSec max.



## OUTPUT CHARACTERISTICS

- Gate
	- Negative NIM current source output; --16mA, (--800mV into 50 ohms). Output duration equals the
RANGE SWITCH setting in conjunction with the GATE WIDTH control setting.
- complemented Gate
	- Negative NIM current source output; The complement of GATE output.
- Delay
	- Negative NIM output pulse; Begins at the trailing edge of GATE output; Width is adjustable from
10nSec to 100nSec.
- TTL
	- A TTL logic level output; Capable of driving a single 50 ohm load or up to 60 standard TTL inputs.
	- LOGICAL 1 = 2.7 Volt min. @ 45mA max; LOGIC 0 = 0.5 Volt max. @ --100mA max; The TTL output can be jumper selected to be GATE, DELAY or their complements.
	- "TTL is shipped as GATE".
- ECL Outputs
	- ECL is a two pin header; 0.025" posts on 0.1" centers. Output is a differential 100 ohm line driver.
	- Jumper selected to be GATE, DELAY or their complements.
	- ECL + : Quiescently LOGIC 0 = --1.7 Volt typ. LOGIC 1 = --0.90 Volt typ.
	- ECL - : Quiescently LOGIC 0 = --0.90 Volt typ. LOGIC 1 = --1.7 Volt typ.
	- "ECL is shipped as GATE".










<!-- 794.md ends here -->
